MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 ouolun

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER

The images, logos, and materials used in this project — including but not  
limited to Minecraft game graphics, characters, and logos — are the  
intellectual property of Mojang Studios and its parent company, Microsoft.

This work is created solely for educational and non-commercial purposes. It  
does not serve any profit-generating function. All use of third-party  
materials is intended to comply with the principles of fair use and 
applicable copyright laws.

If you are a copyright holder and believe that any part of  this project 
infringes upon your rights, please contact us. We will respond  promptly to 
remove or revise the content as needed.

This project is an unofficial, fan-made educational resource and is not  
affiliated with, endorsed, or authorized by Mojang or Microsoft in any way.
